README.md, before:

# Blowgun

Blowgun is a CLI framework inspired by [Gluegun](https://github.com/infinitered/gluegun), but specifically designed to be used with [Bun](https://bun.sh), the new JS runtime, and with a new, simpler, more straightforward API.

Blowgun has _zero_ prod dependencies and is designed to be used with Bun's built-in modules.

_Note: the name is a play on Gluegun and Bun. But we're open to other names! Please file an issue if you have ideas._

Head on over to the [Introduction](docs/introduction.md) to learn more.

<img alt="Blowgun help screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1479215/271745349-c41dc1fe-1c84-4184-a617-f8c26507a6fb.png" width="500" />

## Quick Start

Blowgun has a CLI (of course) to help you get started building your own CLI.

```
# install/update bun
curl -fsSL https://bun.sh/install | bash

# use blowgun's CLI to create your new CLI
bunx blowgun new pizza # doesn't work yet!

# cd in and link it so you can run it
cd pizza
bun link
```

Blowgun will then **(EVENTUALLY -- when done!)** spin up a new CLI project for you, and you can start building your CLI right away.

Next: [Introduction](docs/introduction.md)

Or, if you want to skip to the good part: [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md)

## License

This project is copyright 2023 Jamon Holmgren and released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

fix: rename back to bluebun

README.md, after:

# Bluebun

Bluebun is a CLI framework inspired by [Gluegun](https://github.com/infinitered/gluegun), but specifically designed to be used with [Bun](https://bun.sh), the new JS runtime, and with a new, simpler, more straightforward API.

Bluebun has _zero_ prod dependencies and is designed to be used with Bun's built-in modules.

_Note: the name is a play on Gluegun and Bun. But we're open to other names! Please file an issue if you have ideas._

Head on over to the [Introduction](docs/introduction.md) to learn more.

<img alt="Bluebun help screenshot" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1479215/271745349-c41dc1fe-1c84-4184-a617-f8c26507a6fb.png" width="500" />

## Quick Start

Bluebun has a CLI (of course) to help you get started building your own CLI.

```
# install/update bun
curl -fsSL https://bun.sh/install | bash

# use bluebun's CLI to create your new CLI
bunx bluebun new pizza # doesn't work yet!

# cd in and link it so you can run it
cd pizza
bun link
```

Bluebun will then **(EVENTUALLY -- when done!)** spin up a new CLI project for you, and you can start building your CLI right away.

Next: [Introduction](docs/introduction.md)

Or, if you want to skip to the good part: [Getting Started](docs/getting-started.md)

## License

This project is copyright 2023 Jamon Holmgren and released under the MIT license.
