docs/reference/styles.md, before:

# Styles and Colors

This lets you output text in different colors and styles in the terminal using ANSI escape codes.
Just import them directly from bluebun.

## Usage

```typescript
import { print, red, bold, bgGray } from "bluebun"

print(bgGray(red(`This is ${bold("red")} text on a gray background`)))
```

## Available Styles and Colors

Easiest way to see all the styles and colors is to just look at the [source file](https://github.com/jamonholmgren/bluebun/blob/main/src/styles.ts). The TypeScript definitions are also helpful here.

## Custom Styles

Just output the ANSI escape code directly:

```typescript
import { print } from "bluebun"

print("\x1b[38;2;255;0;0mThis is red text\x1b[0m")
```

Or use the `color` or `style` functions:

```typescript
import { print, color, style } from "bluebun"

const red = color(31) // 31 is red

print(red("This is red text"))

const bold = style(1, 22) // 1 is bold, 22 is reset back to normal

print(bold("This is bold text"))
```

## Testing

If you're using the `print` function, you can mock it (see the [print docs](./print.md)) and then test that the correct ANSI escape codes are being output.

But, generally speaking, the easiest way to test this is to just run your CLI and visually inspect the output.

Commit message:

fix(styles): hex, rgb, and background variants

docs/reference/styles.md, after:

# Styles and Colors

This lets you output text in different colors and styles in the terminal using ANSI escape codes.
Just import them directly from bluebun.

## Usage

```typescript
import { print, red, bold, bgGray } from "bluebun"

print(bgGray(red(`This is ${bold("red")} text on a gray background`)))
```

## Available Styles and Colors

Easiest way to see all the styles and colors is to just look at the [source file](https://github.com/jamonholmgren/bluebun/blob/main/src/styles.ts). The TypeScript definitions are also helpful here.

## Hex Colors / RGB Colors

Most modern terminals support fully custom colors, so we provide colorHex and colorRGB functions (and their background versions) to make it easy to output text in any color you want.

```typescript
import { print, colorHex, colorRGB, bgColorHex, bgColorRGB } from "bluebun"

print(colorHex("#ff0000")("This is red text"))
print(colorRGB(255, 0, 0)("This is red text"))
print(bgColorHex("#ff0000")("This is text on a red background"))
print(bgColorRGB(255, 0, 0)("This is text on a red background"))
```

## Custom Styles

Just output the ANSI escape code directly:

```typescript
import { print, ESC } from "bluebun"

print("${ESC}38;2;255;0;0mThis is red text\x1b[0m")
```

Or use the `color` or `style` functions:

```typescript
import { print, color, style } from "bluebun"

const red = color(31) // 31 is red

print(red("This is red text"))

const bold = style(1, 22) // 1 is bold, 22 is reset back to normal

print(bold("This is bold text"))
```

## Testing

If you're using the `print` function, you can mock it (see the [print docs](./print.md)) and then test that the correct ANSI escape codes are being output.

But, generally speaking, the easiest way to test this is to just run your CLI and visually inspect the output.
